What do you want?
Help me.
What's your trouble?
Who are you?
Help me.
I will be responsible for you.
What flavor?
A reason
as long as
I put ginger cabbage with wild man dog video
Take a picture and send it to Dad.
When is the time?
He and his mother will definitely be kicked out of the Jiang family
My mom is on top
I am the daughter of the Jiang family
Jiang Caicai didn't expect it, right?
The most trusted best friend is your father's illegitimate daughter
Pardon me?
Coriander didn't go to room 303 last night
He promised me that he would definitely go.
Hello, is that Miss Jiang?
I am our Mr. Gu
You are his girlfriend after saying it last night
Mr. Gu Zhenting, Mr. Gu
You are so nice
The wild man dog that didn't arrange with me
He accidentally bumped into him and the richest man in Haicheng
This is quite a day's parents
I think for you
Hold on hard
Fool, you are my child
Don't be sad anymore
He's a dead man.
I set up a shadow
From today onwards
Your father is Gu
Your mother is me